Sponsors and Trusted Partners
Have a sneak peek at the array of valuable sponsorships offered for this international-level Hackathon.

Ideathon
This is a platform exclusively for school graders who have an exhilarating idea to start their entrepreneurial journey. ASIET Hackathon aims to bring out the talents and the tech-savies deeply hidden within them by mentoring, guiding, and sharpening their skills to something productive.

ALL U NEED 2 KNOW

-	All the students from schools and colleges as well as the working professionals are eligible for the hackathon.
-	The Duration of the Hackathon I 24 hours i.e form <Start Date> to <end date>.
-	The hackathon has been divided into three segments:
	Ideathon
	Gameathon
	Productathon
You will be backed with the best of the guidance and the tutoring for each of these, to execute your 
better-self.
-	The Ideathon invites ideas and budding innovations from the participants in any of the domains/fields which you opt for.
-	The Gameathon is here where you build and execute software for all those gamers at heart. The mentoring by the Unity would enable you to power on the creative and technical verges of your brain.
-	The Productathon enables you to build theproducts and prototypes of your defined idea such that it enables you to discover a new pathway to your entrepreneurial journey.

-	The ideas submitted or evolved must be your own because there is no stage for plagiarism here.

-	Team Participation of maximum of <No. of members> is allowed and appreciated.

FAQ

Q1. What is the ASIET Hackathon?
Ans. The ASIET Hackathon is a 3-day long hackathon of 24 hours each hackathon conducted by the Adi Shankara Institute of Engineering and Technology in collaboration with the Jyothi institute of Engineering and Technology. It aims to develop a skillset and expand the horizons of brilliant minds.
Q2. When is the event scheduled?
Ans. The event is proposed to be conducted from 3rd March 2023 to 5th March 2023, with each section of the event on each day.
Q3. What are the different events under the main ASIET Hackathon?
Ans. Productathon, Gameathon, Mechathon, . Civilathon, Bizthon

Q4. Is this a 24- hour long event?
Ans. Yes 

Q5. What are the criteria on which our designs and ideas are evaluated?
Ans. <>

Q6. What are the domains on which our idea can be accepted?
Ans. You can opt for any domain you wish. We leave it out for you
Q7. How can we contact you if any query arises?
Ans. <>



